How do I uninstall software using the command line in Linux


What do I do if I need to uninstall a program?


I want to uninstall Talon


I think it might be as simple as deleting the Talon folder.


I want to see if Talon is installed as a package on Lenix anywhere


And I got no results searching for the word talon with grep


So I can assume the Talon is not an install package which makes sense since I didn't install it through a package manager


So I think uninstalling Talon is a simple as removing the Talon folder and the doc talon folder since Talon is not installed through a package manager.


So I no longer see Talon or .talon in my home directory, and they were there before.


is the process for uninstalling Talon from a Linux machine as simple as deleting the Talon with all of Talon's code directory and the .talon directory with all the user scripts and recordings and such?


if you're just trying to take a video of first setup, you need to sudo rm /etc/udev/rules.d/10-talon.rules as well (you don't need to do that otherwise)


OK in theory I am all set up to reinstall Talon.


Except I don't have OPS studio installed.


I need to install oBS studio on Linux in order to be able to do this.


I'm going to install will be a studio using the Linux install directions


Step one install FFMpeg. FFMpeg is required


If I want to install virtual camera support I need to do the following command so I'm not sure what that is but I'm going to do it anyway.


So I'm going to install the look bad thing now and it failed


Around Cito app to get update so now I'm going to try the loop  back again


So installing DKMS worked and I am going to move onto the next step.


It says to make sure that I enable to Multiverse repo in ubuntu's software center


Archisman Panigrahi Dec 13 2020


So the multiverse repository contains packages of software that are not free, referring to licensing restrictions.


This window does not look like that window


Smurf says the universe Multiverse repositories are enabled by default in mint


So this output looks like the same as the output smurfos says I should have


I was stuck on the Soto app to repository PPA command so I just skipped it and went to the install and it appeared to work.


