I'm going to install Talon on my Linux machine.


Talon is a program that allows me to control my computer entirely without hands.


This is important to me because my hands don't work very well and I use a computer for my job so being able to use a computer without hands means I have a lot less pain throughout the day.


The first thing I do is go to my web browser and go to talonvoice.com


Then I go to the documentation link.


After that I go to the getting started section.


I start reading the instructions in the getting started section.


Step one: download and install Talon for your operating system.


There is a link in step one and I click it so I can go to the page where it says download Talon for Linux.


I click download Talon for Linux.


I am going to open talon-linux.tar.xz and I am going to open it with the archive manager. I press OK.


There is one folder in the archive and I am going to extract it to my desktop.


Extracting to desktop now I press the extract button I press desktop and I press extract.


Talon is now on my desktop.  There is a window that says Talon has been extracted successfully. I am going to click show the files.


The Talon file is open. In it are five files.


I go back to my instructions. They say step two: run the talon app.


To run Talon a double click run.SH and click the run in terminal button. it will ask me for my password and I can give it.


Talon starts setting itself up.


You can tell Talon is set up when a little pair of horns appears in the bottom right hand corner of the screen.


I open the Talon Home directory and tell him he has a menu in my system trade near the clock where I can go to scripting open ~/. talon to get to the Talon Home Directory.


The next step is to add some scraps of the ~/.talon/user directoru. Your user scripts control all the voice commands and talon wont recognize any commands until I add some Scripts.


To get Scripts, I go to the getting Scripts link.


Next thing is to get the knausj_Talon script set.


the knausj_talon script set started as the personal script set of Jeff Knaus and is now maintained by about a dozen heavy Talon users.


When you're in the knausj repo, click on the green code button.


Copy your HTTPS github link that shows up and then go to your command line.


Open the terminal.


Go to the home directory in the terminal.


Change to the user directory.


In the user  directoy type git clone http://gethub.com/knausj85/knausj_talon.


Script set is now downloaded.


